Readme.md, before:

# EGetWhy

## Project Overview
EGetWhy is a fullstack open-source application aimed to connect and build networks based on personal stories and shared experiences about difficulties they face Nigerians. It serve as a unique resource, tackling the "why" behind common issues with the tagline #egetwhy. The main focus of this platform is to to provide a specialized social networking environment where Nigerians can explore and discuss the various personal, societal, and professional challenges they face. inspired by fishbowl website.

## Technologies Used
- Frontend: Next.js, deployed on Vercel
- Backend: Serverless Framework with AWS

## Features
- User registration and login
- User Profile setup
- Story submission with #egetwhy
- Story feed with upvote feature
- Categories for different types of stories
- Community Support

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm
- Serverless Framework CLI
- Git

### Setup
1. **Fork the Repository:** Fork the project repository to your GitHub account.
2. **Clone the Repository:** Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/e-get-why.git
    cd e-get-why
    ```
3. **Install Dependencies:**
    - Frontend:
      ```bash
      cd frontend
      npm install
      ```
    - Backend:
      ```bash
      cd ../backend
      npm install
      ```

## Running Locally
### Frontend
```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.
```

### Backend
```bash
 cd ../backend
 serverless dev
```

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow the guidelines in the `Contributing.md` file.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

add current homepage look and update readme.md file

Readme.md, after:

# EGetWhy

## Project Overview
EGetWhy is a fullstack open-source application aimed to connect and build networks based on personal stories and shared experiences about difficulties they face Nigerians. It serve as a unique resource, tackling the "why" behind common issues with the tagline #egetwhy. The main focus of this platform is to to provide a specialized social networking environment where Nigerians can explore and discuss the various personal, societal, and professional challenges they face. inspired by fishbowl website.

## Technologies Used
- Frontend: Next.js, deployed on Vercel
- Backend: Serverless Framework with AWS

## Features
- User registration and login
- User Profile setup
- Story submission with #egetwhy
- Story feed with upvote feature
- Categories for different types of stories
- Community Support

## Current Project Look
Here’s how the project currently looks. This section will be updated with each new release.

![Home Page](public/images/Screenshot1.png)

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm
- Serverless Framework CLI
- Git

### Setup
1. **Fork the Repository:** Fork the project repository to your GitHub account.
2. **Clone the Repository:** Clone your forked repository to your local machine.
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/e-get-why.git
    cd e-get-why
    ```
3. **Install Dependencies:**
    - Frontend:
      ```bash
      cd frontend
      npm install
      ```
    - Backend:
      ```bash
      cd ../backend
      npm install
      ```

## Running Locally
### Frontend
```bash
cd frontend
npm run dev
Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in the browser.
```

### Backend
```bash
 cd ../backend
 serverless dev
```

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow the guidelines in the `Contributing.md` file.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
